got your gift oh you like Snapple yeah I
love it
got your poor flavors ah it's a hot day
outside what's your favorite flavor
Snapple ever mango mango madness plus
master
yes master no problem
this is DJ Jack mask of a fact Eevee I'm
here with the dawn DJ slugsy how did you
get any DJ and for ade
I might just use to come in with some
records or sell and I finally got a deck
once yeah I at first yeah I saw your
parents yeah when I was young yeah and I
just started like practicing mixing and
stuff right out typical from Nero do
they call from you practicing your
bedroom two page ago on a station called
pressure FM John bass it won't be a
pirate here we we got kicked off there
because we were quite good and then sty
rinse up sorting there's a knob enough
about you well maybe not bear enough
everyone was it's true about you getting
as bought a boat setting up too many
pirates not being able to go above us
all floors in four four yeah four floors
here I got caught one another roof by
the police after before I forget if they
find out got an ass before I began to
wave it to Joe so they said after that I
just stopped it for a little World Cup
we break oh did he catch you there
camera on the roof so piers you go
formed from a Kanan roster of older
people that were coming on Wednesday
yeah max'll day Wylie target and there
was never was there was never a
conscious decision to start Graeme I
just thought used to play dark stuff
anyway I played drum bass tune slow down
on faith free which was 45 rpm on faith
free a mix it will grime get I've
encouraged and in people dislike would
like somebody what do you think the
reason was that kids in London and a
venture in the world latched on to grain
so much it was that the age really died
of there's that young people that they
was getting trouble and stuff but they
just like it was this all the time with
grammars about what what you think was a
more important part of the scene back
then the MCS of the DJ's I was to like
play special tune dub mix is so DMC
could spit
back in the day I mean I would have
played for the MCS because that was one
everywhere energy Kim yeah like yeah
like Wiley play and the gods gifted
who's your favorite to jump on us it
well yeah yeah while here yeah
most one everyone wants to know is what
is the one from Miss a Duane dirty old a
baby one yeah that you either put that
together I was at someone else who's in
Dizzee Rascal own dizzy studio was a
wonder why not me genius all de perak
Okerlund l fell asleep and then I pulled
the narrows tuned on it yet to mix them
go could you fall asleep with such as so
high such a high energies I'll put yeah
we would respect it we made it there
sore finger he just made it on the fly
before the show I got a lot all NiCad
all these samples are sample CDs and
records none I got through a couple of
them I was playing them and I say yeah I
like that one or that one and we'll put
the dubplates put it put it out I do I
do and me I'd anyway it's my favorite
dump it over do cannabios like any ever
do any other coffees of it everyday if
you kind of have it here I won't go
anywhere else buddy I just talked about
for anyone watching do not tweet me
do not eat mean we do not ask me because
if he goes Mia its main I said you're
not getting did you practice a lot I
used to dance playing drum bass but I
wanted it so badly zai CI people want it
like when they want to be big or want to
do say I want to make it think if your
tribe cut your teeth as a DJ and you're
practicing and you can't it can't
really be seen as work - oh I have to go
in my bedroom in practice you have to
want to be less than to the tunes and DJ
and otherwise it's false and it's not
going to happen you have to really want
it yes so this is Jack master
interviewing the dawn DJ slim z4 fact TV
thanks very much for coming in I saw
that mate hope you enjoy your Snapple I
love it on take a moment
back up